                                                
                      PREDICTING AVERAGE LIFE EXPECTANCY
➤ Project Summary:
It is a  Machine Learning project which is focused especially  at predicting average
Life Expectancy rate of various people in various countries taking in account of several features which serve
as a historical data like Regional variations, Economic Circumstances, Sex
Differences, Mental Illnesses, Physical Illnesses, Education, Year of their birth and other
demographic factors.
This problem statement provides the best way to predict average life expectancy of people living
in a country when various factors such as year, GDP, education, alcohol intake of people
in the country, expenditure on healthcare system and some specific disease related
deaths that happened in the country.
➤ Project Requirements:
     ● An appropriate machine learning model.
        Here multivariate linear regression model is used as it incorporates various
        features and the predictions are the continuous values.
     ● Programming language such as python.
     ● An appropriate computing platform such as IBM cloud.
     ● Morever      some      important     Libraries   such      as   Pandas,Numpy,SciKit
        Learn,Seaborn,MatplotLib.
     ● A tool to generate URL for the model to be accessible globally.
➤ Functional Requirements:
     ● At the front-hand, a webpage taking the necessary inputs from the user to
        implement the designed model.
     ● At the backhand, the input gets processed and finally gives the desired output,here
        the average life expectancy.
➤ Technical/software Requirements:
 ● Performance of the system may vary for various inputs,since the model is
    designed based on a typical data set.
 ● Accuracy of the system is not up to 100% ,but gives a fair output which is reliable.
 ● It is accessible globally, but however its performance may get affected while
    handling a myriad of requests concurrently.
 ● Its simple to access and is manageable.

 
 ➤ Project Deliverables:
    This project delivers the predicted average life expectancy based on the input
    provided.
 ➤ Project Team:
	individual
 ➤ Project Schedule:
	30 days
	
 ➤ Project Link:  https://youtu.be/Pisrz3_qWos
	
	
	
